You and I clearly saw you drink that bottle of water with our own eyes
How is that possible?
Yes, I saw it too.
It's just a deception
If not
How can I deceive your eyes?
I know the time is approaching
But deliberately told him the plan
In order to paralyze you
Make you think you're winning
get carried away
You gotta be cunning woman
Guida Taijun, take it easy
He brought him to see me for us
I stabbed him in an abandoned warehouse
He may be drinking water because of his eyes
But that knife definitely
You are alone
Seriously injured
What are you fighting us with?
Yes, Miss Li, you are right.
This is our turf
If you come here, you will die
Palace Army, you are the first master of the 12 class masters
He is also the captain of Ren Zhi's team
This is called the parent woman, I'll leave it to you. Okay.
Then I heard that the queen of Senluo Palace was very weak
unparalleled combat power
I'm going to see it today
Is your fist wide
Still my way
You can't see it anymore.
What do you mean do it